
===============================
Video and Image Search Examples
===============================

********
Overview
********

This document corresponds to `this folder online`_, in addition to the
search_and_rapid_model_generation example folder in a VIAME installation.

.. _this folder online: https://github.com/VIAME/VIAME/tree/master/examples/search_and_rapid_model_generation

This directory contains methods to accomplish two tasks: 

| (a) Performing exemplar-based searches on an archive of unannotated imagery or videos 
| (b) Quickly training up detection models for new categories of objects on the same ingest

Video and Image Archive Search using VIAME
==========================================

Video archive search can be performed via a few methods. The `default`_ includes
a pipeline which generates object detections, tracks, and lastly temporal
descriptors around each track. The descriptors get indexed into an arbitrary
data store (typically a nearest neighbor index, locality-sensitive hashing
table, or other). At query time, descriptors on a query image or video are
matched against the entries in this database. A default GUI (provided via
the VIVIA toolkit) is provided which allows performing iterative refinement
of the results, by annotating which were correct or incorrect, in order
to build up a better model for the input query.

Image Archive Search using SMQTK Standalone
===========================================

The "smqtk_on_chips" directory contains multiple methods for running image
queries on an image archive, including: 

| (a) Indexing descriptors around each full input image as-is. 
| (b) Tiling up each input image into fixed-size tiles. 
| (c) Indexing descriptors around detections generated by arbitrary detectors. 
|
|This primarily uses the SMQTK toolkit and is designed for images, not videos.
A web-based GUI is provided which allows new queries based on an input query
image, and the refinement of results via iterative query refinement (IQR),
similarly to the VIAME example. IQR generates an SVM classifier on user-nominated
positive and negative examples from the result set to refine results.

.. _default: https://github.com/VIAME/VIAME/tree/master/examples/search_and_rapid_model_generation/viame_ingest
